personal beauty beauty hi another video
from minecraft well guys I'm here today
bringing a map I created from 7 mlg
the act I think that's the name does not have
sure that the training is up to you
fall with the devil and did not die in the fall
to hold on to the water I do not know very well
explain this has several videos from above
that system on youtube right but
I did not see any so this way
with the dialing system which is what I
I made stitches here and it's automatic too
People, you can come back here and
Everything but we go here for you I left
here the creative right and profitable and I
show here for you guys put it on
law any way you want
and look how you come and get engaged and
since I survived
you will click this button here with
you and you will be raised by the
report here will start to
mark the points there as I will show
for you here
I died right but I already had one
there's no point there too guys
the tip system that go far beyond
two years are then 12,345 are
67 You have to hit six times to
you win the alpha version of the
project tim who does not see how he said it yet
Nothing happens to you when you
complete but I'm planning some
thing when you go you wanted it
prevents your bucket from water and try
again
when you want to have your back
reservation points
People, I 'll jump, I 'll try the
I got the crew, you see my biotype.
I caught it inadvertently picked me
but there the point to make the gift there I go back
there it is marking there the right point
guys, I'm going to go in here in em mogi on
Chin mode to show you here.
you feared right a very basic system
from year to year for a sac as I did that
System to read up there upstairs I
I used this bock command with tpi as
coordinates up there well is this other
here's a
Oops, here the guys have a
another form of tango bloch that gives you the
bucket of water and ian let me see
here she has another one as the boxing is
strong up there did not want a
between him and the history of
until the other side of here I put
a little door here but open back there
to see better get out here and the O
Everyone answers what passes that one.
increases one point
and here is the reset button 10 for you
a reservation here in that video was just that
I even wanted to show you the download of the
Map in the video description is good for
You train if you want, if you can.
modify the Praa and higher in this map
people would find it very peaceful that I
I left because for me really beginner
This map here guys and one thing I
I could never do it, I'll try it here.
it's zero to throw a bucket to get the box there
"It's almost cool, it's hard to leave."
same people talk your next video
I hope you have enjoyed it and a
Embrace was the embrace of pm.